index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

Welcome to my research page! I'm a PhD student in Statistics at [Carnegie Mellon University](http://stat.cmu.edu/) where I am lucky to be advised by [Aaditya Ramdas](http://www.stat.cmu.edu/~aramdas/).

Before joining CMU, I studied Math and Statistics at the [University of Waterloo](https://uwaterloo.ca/statistics-and-actuarial-science/). I have also been fortunate enough to collaborate with scientists from [Adobe Research](https://research.adobe.com/) and [SickKids](https://www.sickkids.ca/).

## Research interests
I am broadly interested in Statistics and Machine Learning with a current focus on:
* Anytime-valid sequential inference,
* Nonparametric methods, and
* Causal inference.

## Papers

### Theory & Methodology

1. [Estimating means of bounded random variables by betting](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09686.pdf)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith and A. Ramdas

2. [Confidence sequences for sampling without replacement](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04347.pdf)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith and A. Ramdas\\
	NeurIPS (2020)

### Applications

1. [Using Both Time Tradeoff and Discrete Choice Experiments in Valuing the EQ-5D: Impact of Model Misspecification on Value Sets](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0272989X20924019?casa_token=t1lzCUY2vb0AAAAA%3AxQMLwfFJC5bp7jxtUbYSHpHXeIY9fzZR1vlmq7Xqx7iWKLsK5OFSJYVJHotwrxuxVCo19QCI_S1VTw)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith\*, A. S. Pickard, F. Xie, E. M. Pullenayegum\*\\
	Medical Decision Making (2020)

2. [Sentiment in nursing notes as an indicator of out-of-hospital mortality in intensive care patients](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0198687)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith\*, N. Tran\*, J. A. Dubin, J. Lee\\
	PLoS one (2018)

\* denotes equal contribution

---

## Connect 

* [ianws@cmu.edu](mailto:ianws@cmu.edu)
* [GitHub](https://github.com/wannabesmith)
* [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/iwaudbysmith)

---

Commit message:

Add doubly robust cs paper

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

Welcome to my research page! I'm a PhD student in Statistics at [Carnegie Mellon University](http://stat.cmu.edu/) where I am lucky to be advised by [Aaditya Ramdas](http://www.stat.cmu.edu/~aramdas/).

Before joining CMU, I studied Math and Statistics at the [University of Waterloo](https://uwaterloo.ca/statistics-and-actuarial-science/). I have also been fortunate enough to collaborate with scientists from [Adobe Research](https://research.adobe.com/) and [SickKids](https://www.sickkids.ca/).

## Research interests
I am broadly interested in Statistics and Machine Learning with a current focus on:
* Anytime-valid sequential inference,
* Nonparametric methods, and
* Causal inference.

## Papers

### Theory & Methodology

1. [Doubly robust confidence sequences for sequential causal inference](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.06476.pdf)
    I. Waudby-Smith, D. Arbour, R. Sinha, E.H. Kennedy, and A. Ramdas

2. [Estimating means of bounded random variables by betting](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.09686.pdf)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith and A. Ramdas

3. [Confidence sequences for sampling without replacement](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.04347.pdf)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith and A. Ramdas\\
	NeurIPS (2020)

### Applications

1. [Using Both Time Tradeoff and Discrete Choice Experiments in Valuing the EQ-5D: Impact of Model Misspecification on Value Sets](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0272989X20924019?casa_token=t1lzCUY2vb0AAAAA%3AxQMLwfFJC5bp7jxtUbYSHpHXeIY9fzZR1vlmq7Xqx7iWKLsK5OFSJYVJHotwrxuxVCo19QCI_S1VTw)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith\*, A. S. Pickard, F. Xie, E. M. Pullenayegum\*\\
	Medical Decision Making (2020)

2. [Sentiment in nursing notes as an indicator of out-of-hospital mortality in intensive care patients](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0198687)\\
	I. Waudby-Smith\*, N. Tran\*, J. A. Dubin, J. Lee\\
	PLoS one (2018)

\* denotes equal contribution

---

## Connect 

* [ianws@cmu.edu](mailto:ianws@cmu.edu)
* [GitHub](https://github.com/wannabesmith)
* [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/iwaudbysmith)

---
